Case study I've got something very special prepared for you and this is something you won't find in
other courses.
Recently I held a presentation at a major conference for Australian pension fund so they were the largest
pension funds or representatives and executives of the largest pension fund present there and also executives
of very large Australian banks.
And I presented on Dollar Signs and I'm going to share their presentation.
And in fact in the next little while we're going to take the first part of the video the intro part
and we will analyze it.
So first I'll show you the intro and then we'll go through the intro and I'll add call outs explaining
exactly what I'm doing and why I'm doing it.
So this is going to be a very interesting experience for you because you will see me present something
very recent just a couple months ago that I did some data Dallasites work as a major project a major
breakthrough in the industry and I presented and you will actually see how I went about presenting it
and we together will analyze my mistakes and where where I did well and what you can take away to use
in your presentation so it'll be live it won't it.
It's not like a rehearsed thing or something that is just for show.
It's actually from the conference.
So there will be an audience there's like 250 people sitting in the audience so I was very nervous on
that day.
Trust me and I prepared a lot for this presentation and at the same time what I also wanted to say is
that even though this was a presentation for a large audience I still use the same skills and techniques
when I'm presenting two small groups of people or even on one on one conversations because presenting
dozens projects has lots of specifics to it and we will be talking about them in this section of the
course and you will definitely pick up some really valuable insights not only from the presentation
but also from our discussions that we have in this section.
And so let's jump straight into it.
I look forward to seeing you in the next tutorial.